we okay are you surprised we're in
there God will play well
how about physicality in games did you
notice any
different I mean it's physicals playoffs
I mean every every plant physical and as
a series wears on you sick of seeing
each other and it gets more physical
urges human nature underway this here is
going to go any playoff series so we
going to expect that got in game since I
mean you know even worse we've seen an
embrace or the physical plane you like
this I mean I know it life's physicality
I mean the bodies body feels it the next
day but that's the way they play off the
plate so yesterday didn't do a great job
inside I think we got to you know focus
get our rest and come out tomorrow
Korean comfort when you got called to a
flagrant intention let's grab that foot
just box out a fellow ever you feel they
target inside I'm not going to comment
on any targeting leave that the end of
the series it's a physical series both
both teams have taken their hits and
both teams are giving out the hitch so
leave it at that does it different
coasts rate you that big men don't get
as much credit as
not really i mean the nba's it for the
general fan the nba's pick up the stash
even look at the stash so a lot of times
you know as people this plays out there
do a lot you know in the in spate of the
game that doesn't show up on the stat
sheet and the fortunately that's that's
a lot big guys do you know we sit
screens and we play up the middle we
take charges and that's just how it is i
mean everyone ever within the game knows
that but your general fan probably
doesn't you see you think big guys were
like defensively important
well definitely especially on our team
you know we have so many great scores
that the 12 13 spots so it's kind of big
guys jobs with toilet pain rebound as
their screens it'll be really yeah I'm
not sure I mean that's a question better
suited for coach but obviously we ought
to make an adjustment because they
started they started out gangbusters
against this with that lineup so we
probably gonna make an adjustment but
we'll see how we go